Add optimize command for zend lucene adapter (#156)
massiveart/MassiveSearchBundle: Resources/docs/commands.rst

 - ``index``: Specify index to purge
 - ``all``: Purge all indexes.
 - ``force``: Do not ask for confirmation.

``massive:search:optimize``
---------------------------

> Will optimize the index, this is recommended to be configured as a cronjob when
> using the ``zend_lucene`` adapter, for the other adapters this command does current
> do nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimize all search indices. Affects only indices that are managed with the ``zend_lucene`` adapter at the moment. It is recommended to configure this as cronjob when ``zend_lucene`` adapter.
```
